Click below to view the Top 20 dumbest quotes from John Madden.

“Hey, the offensive linemen are the biggest guys on the field, they’re bigger than everybody else, and that’s what makes them the biggest guys on the field.”

1. “There’s a lot of letters in Ladanian Tomlinson”

2. “A team should never practice on a field that is not lined. Your players have to become aware of the field’s boundaries.”

3. “The best way to gain more yards is advance the ball down the field from the line of scrimmage.”

4. “If you lose your best cornerback and punter, I’d say that’s a double loss.”

5. “It’s 3rd and 20..They need a good play here.”

6. “See, well ya see, the thing is, he should have caught that ball. But the ball is bigger than his hands.”

7. “When you have great players, playing great, well that’s great football!”

8. “Ruben Brown made that play there….well I mean he missed the guy completley but he was able to create just enough room for Thomas Jones by whiffing. The air he created on the miss gave Jones enough space to score.”

9. “If the quaterback throws the ball in the endzone and the Wide Receiver catches it……. It’s a touchdown.”

10. “If this team doesn’t put points on the board I don’t see how they can win.”

11. “Whenever you talk about a Mike Shanahan offense, you’re always going to be talking about his offense.”

12. “Some yards is better than none yards?”

13. “Here’s a guy, here’s a guy who when he puts his contacts in, he can see better”

14. “Usually the team that scores the most points wins the game.”

15. “Mark Brunell usually likes to soak his balls before a rainy game.”

16. “When your arm gets hit, the ball is not going to go where you want it to.”

17. “They’re either going to run the ball here or their going to pass it.”

18. “The Dallas Cowboys have 2 types of plays in their playbook. Passing plays, and running plays.”

19. “When its raining the field gets wet, then all of a sudden everyones running slower”﻿

"Hey, the offensive linemen are the biggest guys on the field, they're bigger than everybody else, and that's what makes them the biggest guys on the field."

"Here's a guy, here's a guy who when he puts his contacts in, he can see better"

"90% of the game is half mental"

Al: John what do the Vikings need to do to get back into this game?
John: Well Al, to get back into this game...Daunte Culpepper and the Vikings have to get back into this game.

"The team who scores the most points will win the game."
